### Saving, Viewing, and Distributing pytest-allure Reports

Pytest-allure generates testing reports in the Allure format, containing information about executed tests, their statuses, logs, screenshots, and other details necessary for analyzing test results.

The testing reports generated by pytest-allure are typically stored in a specified directory, which can be set using the `--alluredir` parameter during pytest execution.

Example command:
```bash
pytest --alluredir=allure-results
```
Here, `allure-results` is the directory where pytest-allure reports will be saved.

In this project, all reports should be stored in the `reports` folder.

To view pytest-allure reports, you'll need the Allure Command Line Interface (CLI). You can install it by downloading the necessary file from the official website.

After installing Allure CLI, you can display the testing reports using the command:
```bash
allure serve path/to/allure-results
```
This command will launch a local web server and open the reports in a web browser at `http://localhost:port`, where `port` is the port Allure uses to display reports.

For archiving and sharing reports with other engineers, you need to create an archive from the directory where pytest-allure report files are stored:

```bash
tar -czvf allure-results.tar.gz allure-results
```
This command will create an archive named `allure-results.tar.gz` from the `allure-results` directory. You can then send this archive to other engineers for further analysis of the test results. Other engineers can unpack the reports using the command:
```bash
tar -xzvf allure-results.tar.gz
```
This process facilitates easy archiving and sharing of pytest-allure testing reports among team members for collaborative analysis of test results and issue identification.
